README.md, before:

# Dotfiles

This repository contains my personal dotfiles and editor configuration. It's intended to be a reference and a drop-in configuration for a fast, ergonomic Neovim development setup and a few other tools.

## What’s in this repo

- [`kanata`](https://github.com/jtroo/kanata/) — keyboard remapper configuration.
- [`komorebi`](https://github.com/LGUG2Z/komorebi) — tiling window manager for Windows configuration.
- [`neovim`](https://github.com/neovim/neovim) — text editor configuration.
- [`wezTerm`](https://github.com/wezterm/wezterm) — terminal emulator configuration.
- [`yasb`](https://github.com/amnweb/yasb) — Windows status bar configuration.

## Notes

This repository contains configuration files and per-tool setups. For installation, usage, and update instructions, please refer to the README or documentation inside each respective folder (for example, check `nvim/` for Neovim-specific guidance).

If you want to customize or reuse parts of this repo, browse the folder(s) you're interested in and follow the instructions there.

## Contact

For questions or suggestions, either:

- Open an issue or start a discussion in this repository.
- Contact me via my GitHub profile: [nivx18818](https://github.com/nivx18818)

Commit message:

docs: add vscode-neovim extension to config list

README.md, after:

# Dotfiles

This repository contains my personal dotfiles and editor configuration. It's intended to be a reference and a drop-in configuration for a fast, ergonomic Neovim development setup and a few other tools.

## What’s in this repo

- [`kanata`](https://github.com/jtroo/kanata/) — keyboard remapper configuration.
- [`komorebi`](https://github.com/LGUG2Z/komorebi) — tiling window manager for Windows configuration.
- [`neovim`](https://github.com/neovim/neovim) — text editor configuration.
- [`vscode-neovim`](https://github.com/vscode-neovim/vscode-neovim) — Visual Studio Code extension configuration to use Neovim as the editor backend.
- [`wezterm`](https://github.com/wezterm/wezterm) — terminal emulator configuration.
- [`yasb`](https://github.com/amnweb/yasb) — Windows status bar configuration.

## Notes

This repository contains configuration files and per-tool setups. For installation, usage, and update instructions, please refer to the README or documentation inside each respective folder (for example, check `nvim/` for Neovim-specific guidance).

If you want to customize or reuse parts of this repo, browse the folder(s) you're interested in and follow the instructions there.

## Contact

For questions or suggestions, either:

- Open an issue or start a discussion in this repository.
- Contact me via my GitHub profile: [nivx18818](https://github.com/nivx18818)
